---
layout: master
title: Our Story
---

h1. Our Story

h2. From Peewee Soccer to Longview Mansion

h3. Crossing Paths

Though we wouldn’t realize it until much much later, we knew each other when we were five years old. Going to the same elementary school, we were even on the same lime green soccer team.  After never having a class together, Michael moved to a different elementary school for third grade, and it wouldn’t be until high school that we would meet again.

h3. Something Sweet

We came to high school with such similar interests without managing to truly meet.  Both of us were percussionists in the marching band, but with Michael sticking to the drums and Morgan playing the xylophone, we only barely knew each other until our junior year.  While we had a few classes in common our sophomore year, it was our junior year when our schedules really seemed to align.

After months of much conversation, Michael got up the courage to ask Morgan on a date.  It was Michael’s first date.  The dates continued through high school going to movies, having study dates, and even being Homecoming Royalty.  When we graduated together at the top of our class, we both knew we had found someone truly special.

h3. Falling in Love

Our relationship continued to blossom through college.  We even played side by side in the orchestra when we found a break from our studies.  Little did Morgan know that Michael was saving up every penny for one special, shiny purchase.  By the time we again graduated together, we were engaged.